[WIP] [MTA 8.2.1] RNs and attributes for MTA 8.2.1 (#419)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/release-notes-topics/ref_fixed-issues-8-2-1.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.7
:_template-generated: 2026-08-11
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="fixed-issues-8-2-1_{context}"]
= Fixed issues

[role="_abstract"]
Review issues that have been fixed in {ProductFullName} version 8.2.1.

`mta-ops transform` uses the `--overwrite` flag for consistent behavior::
Before this update, the `mta-ops transform` command used a `--force` flag. This flag functioned only with the `--instructions-file` option. Without an instructions file, plugin stage directories were silently overwritten. Additionally, custom stage directories blocked the pipeline with no way to proceed. With this release, the `--force` flag was replaced with `--overwrite`. This change aligns the `transform` command with other `mta-ops` subcommands. As a result, all stage directories require the `--overwrite` flag to replace existing content. This gives you explicit control over data replacement during a pipeline re-run.
+
link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/MTA-7234[MTA-7234]

The {ProductShortName} Operator delegates authentication to the external Keycloak instance after an upgrade::

> Before this update, you could set the `idp_primary` parameter to `true` in the {ProductFullName} Operator custom resource (CR). However, during an upgrade, the Operator did not delegate authentication to the external Keycloak instance. As a consequence, the system continued to use the internal Keycloak instance. This caused incorrect authentication when you attempted to log in. With this release, the Operator recognizes the `idp_primary` parameter during an upgrade. As a result, the system delegates authentication to the external Keycloak instance when the parameter is `true`.

Reviewer: Tiny suggestion - how about use acronym for the product name here?

```suggestion
Before this update, you could set the `idp_primary` parameter to `true` in the {ProductShortName} Operator custom resource (CR). However, during an upgrade, the Operator did not delegate authentication to the external Keycloak instance. As a consequence, the system continued to use the internal Keycloak instance. This caused incorrect authentication when you attempted to log in. With this release, the Operator recognizes the `idp_primary` parameter during an upgrade. As a result, the system delegates authentication to the external Keycloak instance when the parameter is `true`.
```

> Before this update, you could set the `idp_primary` parameter to `true` in the {ProductShortName} Operator custom resource (CR). However, during an upgrade, the Operator did not delegate authentication to the external Keycloak instance. As a consequence, the system continued to use the internal Keycloak instance. This caused incorrect authentication when you attempted to log in. With this release, the Operator processes the `idp_primary` parameter during an upgrade. As a result, the system delegates authentication to the external Keycloak instance when the parameter is `true`.

Reviewer 2: Before this release, an IdentityProvider CR  (not created by the operator) could specify `primary: true`.   When `true`, authentication was completely delegated to the external IdP and only the external IdP login page was presented. However, the IdentityProvider created by the operator as part of the upgrade, did not specify the `primary: true`. In this release, the operator created IdentityProvider sets `primary: true` by default.  Further, the Tackle CR now supports `idp_primary` field which is propagated to the operator managed IdentityProvider.

Author: @jortel, I modified the text a bit, could you please check? 
```suggestion
Before this update, an `IdentityProvider` custom resource (CR) that was not created by the Operator could specify the `primary: true` parameter. When this parameter was `true`, authentication was completely delegated to the external identity provider (IdP). As a consequence, only the external IdP login page was presented. However, the `IdentityProvider` CR created by the Operator during an upgrade did not specify `primary: true`. With this release, the Operator sets `primary: true` by default in the managed `IdentityProvider`. Additionally, the Tackle CR supports the `idp_primary` field that is propagated to the Operator-managed `IdentityProvider`.
```

Reviewer 2: recommend: "result"
"consequence" sounds like something bad.

Author: Fixed!
